Please
I beg you.
Tang Yao, why are your begging words so harsh?
What more do you want from me?
I beg you to stop manipulating public opinion
I beg you to spare Tang
Wouldn't it be better already?
I am the best actor
I have countless resources and strength behind me
What are you making trouble with me?
Let you go
Just one sentence.
But what to exchange with me?
What do you want?
What do you care most about?
Chang Jun endorses movies
movie
This year has changed the situation
I want to replace Oscar's brain.
I'm going to hit Hollywood
Let the whole of Asia and the whole world be what I mean
Hmm, got it.
It was a movie
So let's start with the movie.
Did you hear that?
Director Xu
It's Miss Tang
The male protagonist of the New Year's Eve
Replace him
Director Xu, you can't be like this.
We signed a contract, so what?
I have money to pay
No way, I'm a movie store
The black powder outside
Hmm, how is that possible?
People don't have my orders
How dare they?
The new blow kiss will only sweep the old blow kiss
Start today.
People all over the world only talk about dream immortals
Bully
And the company decides
To save the stock and image
Decided to hide the dream fresh
rise from the dead
Wonderful why are you here
You should ask
When am I not by your side?